Samples ReadMe (#35)
realm/realm-dart-samples: README.md

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache-blue.svg)](LICENSE)

# Realm Dart Samples

This repo contains Flutter and Dart samples that demonstate the usage of [Realm Flutter and Realm Dart SDKs](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/).

> To build your own app with Realm, use the [realm](https://pub.dev/packages/realm) package for Flutter and the [realm_dart](https://pub.dev/packages/realm_dart) package for Dart applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build a Flutter application with Realm, use the [realm](https://pub.dev/packages/realm) package and the [realm_dart](https://pub.dev/packages/realm_dart) package for Dart applications.
```

The Realm Flutter and Dart SDK repository is located at https://github.com/realm/realm-dart

You may find the [Quick Start - Flutter SDK]( https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/quick-start/) helpful if you are using Realm for the first time.
To learn more about using Realm with Atlas App Services, refer to the [Atlas Device Sync](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/sync/) and [connecting to Atlas App Services](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/app-services/) documentation.

# Samples list
* [`Realm Dart sample`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/realm_dart) - Dart console app that demonstrates how to use a local Realm.

> * [`Provider Shopper`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/provider_shopper) - A Flutter sample app from [Flutter sample repo](https://github.com/flutter/samples/tree/master/provider_shopper) that shows a state management approach with a local Realm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`Provider Shopper`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/provider_shopper) - A Flutter sample app from [Flutter sample repo](https://github.com/flutter/samples/tree/master/provider_shopper) modified to use a local Realm instead of an in-memory collection.
```

> * [`Time Track`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/time_track) - Dart console application that listen for changes in a collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`Time Track`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/time_track) - Dart console application that shows how to subscribe for changes in a Realm collections.
```

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache-blue.svg)](LICENSE)

# Realm Dart Samples

> This repo contains Flutter and Dart samples that demonstate the usage of [Realm Flutter and Dart Standalone SDKs](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo contains Flutter and Dart samples that demonstate the usage of [Realm Flutter and Realm Dart SDKs](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/).
```

To build your own app with Realm, use the [realm](https://pub.dev/packages/realm) package for Flutter and the [realm_dart](https://pub.dev/packages/realm_dart) package for Dart applications.

> The Realm Flutter and Realm Dart SDK repository is located at https://github.com/realm/realm-dart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Realm Flutter and Dart SDK repository is located at https://github.com/realm/realm-dart
```

You may find the [Quick Start - Flutter SDK]( https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/quick-start/) helpful if you are using Realm for the first time.
To learn more about using Realm with Atlas App Services, refer to the [Atlas Device Sync](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/sync/) and [connecting to Atlas App Services](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/app-services/) documentation.

> ## [`realm_dart`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/realm_dart) - Dart console application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### [`realm_dart`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/realm_dart) - Dart console application
```

Reviewer: Not sure but my suggestion is to remove the underline on all the samples. Also converting this to a bullet list will so
* realm_dart - Dart console app demonstrates how to use a local Realm.
* `Provider Shopper` - A Flutter sample app from [Flutter sample repo](https://github.com/flutter/samples/tree/master/provider_shopper) that shows a state management approach with a local Realm.
 * [time_track](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/time_track) - Dart console time tracking application
 * [dart_flexible_sync](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/dart_flexible_sync) - This sample demonstrates the usage of Realm Dart with [Atlas Device Sync with Flexible Sync](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/sync/) sync data to Atlas App Services. (link needed)
 * [flutter_flexible_sync](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/flutter_flexible_sync) - A Flutter application using the [Realm Flutter SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/), Atlas Device Sync with Flexible Sync, and [Atlas App Services](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/).
 * [bundled_realm](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/bundled_realm) - A Flutter application with pre-initialized realm file that is shipped with the application.

Also the names of the samples listed here should not follow the directory name but rather the sample name. So lets use that instead. 
* Realm Dart sample
* Dart Flexible Sync sample
* Flutter Flexible Sync sample
* Bundled realm sample

Author: Done.

> This sample uses the [Realm Dart Standalone SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/#dart-standalone-realm) to demonstrates the following simple operations with a local realm:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample uses the [Realm Dart](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/#dart-standalone-realm) to demonstrates the following simple operations with a local realm:
```

> - Create and open local realm

Reviewer: I suggest we list all samples with single sentence about what it is. then in each sample we can have all the details about it. So removing this whole section below

Author: Done.

- Add objects to realm
- Edit object in realm
- Read all objects of a type
- Query subset of objects in realm
- Close realm

To run the app, follow the instructions in the README: [realm_dart\README.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/realm_dart#readme)

## [`provider_shopper`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/provider_shopper) - Flutter application

> A Flutter sample app from [Flutter sample repo](https://github.com/flutter/samples/tree/master/provider_shopper) that shows a state management approach. This app is modified to be integrated with a local realm using [Realm Flutter SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Flutter sample app from [Flutter sample repo](https://github.com/flutter/samples/tree/master/provider_shopper) that shows a state management approach. This app is modified to be integrated with a local realm using [Realm Flutter](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/).
```

You can leave the credentials empty on the login screen.

To run the app, follow the instructions in the README: [provider_shopper\README.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/provider_shopper#readme)

> ## [`time_track`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/time_track) - Dart console application listener

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [`time_track`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/time_track) - Dart console application
```

> This sample is using [Realm Dart Standalone SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/#dart-standalone-realm) and provides custom CLI with the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample is using [Realm Dart](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/#dart-standalone-realm) and provides custom CLI with the following commands:
```

- `now` registers a time entry
- `clear` deletes all existing entries
- `show` shows all existing entries
- `watch` monitors entries as they happen

The command `watch` is using RealmResult.changes to listen for changes when the contents of the collection change.

To run the app, follow the instructions in the README: [time_track\README.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/time_track#readme)

## [`dart_flexible_sync`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/dart_flexible_sync) - Dart console application with flexible sync

A simple command-line application using the [Realm Dart Standalone SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/#dart-standalone-realm) and Flexible Sync with [Atlas App Services application](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/).

This sample demonstrates the usage of [Atlas Device Sync with Flexible Sync](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/sync/) and the Realm Dart Standalone SDK.

> Writing to a synced realm sends the data automatically to the a linked collection in MongoDB Atas. The synced realm is subscribed to a query only for items matching specific criteria.

Author: ```suggestion
Writing to a synced realm sends the data automatically to a linked collection in MongoDB Atas. The synced realm is subscribed to a query only for items matching specific criteria.
```

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache-blue.svg)](LICENSE)

# Realm Dart Samples

This repo contains Flutter and Dart samples that demonstate the usage of [Realm Flutter and Dart Standalone SDKs](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/).

To build your own app with Realm, use the [realm](https://pub.dev/packages/realm) package for Flutter and the [realm_dart](https://pub.dev/packages/realm_dart) package for Dart applications.

The Realm Flutter and Realm Dart SDK repository is located at https://github.com/realm/realm-dart

> You may find the [Quick Start - Flutter SDK]( https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/quick-start/) helpful if you are running using Realm for the first time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may find the [Quick Start - Flutter SDK]( https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/quick-start/) helpful if you are using Realm for the first time.
```

> You can also read more about using the Realm with [Atlas Device Sync](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/sync/) and connecting to [Atlas App Services](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/app-services/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To learn more about using Realm with Atlas App Services, refer to the [Atlas Device Sync](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/sync/) and [connecting to Atlas App Services](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/app-services/) documentation.
```

## [`realm_dart`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/realm_dart) - Dart console application

> This sample is using [Realm Dart SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/#dart-standalone-realm) to demonstrates the following simple operations with a local realm:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This sample uses the [Realm Dart Standalone SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/#dart-standalone-realm) to demonstrates the following simple operations with a local realm:
```

> - open/create local realm
> - add/edit objects to realm
> - read all object
> - query objects from realm
> - close realm

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Create and open local realm
- Add objects to realm
- Edit object in realm
- Read all objects of a type
- Query subset of objects in realm
- Close realm
```

> To run the app follow the instructions in the README: [realm_dart\README.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/realm_dart#readme)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run the app, follow the instructions in the README: [realm_dart\README.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/realm_dart#readme)
```

## [`provider_shopper`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/provider_shopper) - Flutter application

> A Flutter sample app from [flutter sample repo](https://github.com/flutter/samples/tree/master/provider_shopper) that shows a state management approach. This app is modified to be integrated with a local realm using [Realm Flutter SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Flutter sample app from [Flutter sample repo](https://github.com/flutter/samples/tree/master/provider_shopper) that shows a state management approach. This app is modified to be integrated with a local realm using [Realm Flutter SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/).
```

The list with all the available items are initialized into `CatalogModel` class as realm objects added to a realm.

> If the users add any items to their shopping cart, these irems are added to a memory collection in `CartModel` class. Only initial list of items is stored to the realm.

Reviewer 2: i have trouble understanding these sentences can you clarify/expand upon what you mean?

Author: I will remove them. They are too specific and cover some implementation details.

> The list with all the available items are initialized into `CatalogModel` class as realm objects added to a realm.
> 
> If the users add any items to their shopping cart, these irems are added to a memory collection in `CartModel` class. Only initial list of items is stored to the realm.

Author: ```suggestion
```

You can leave the credentials empty on the login screen.

> To run the app follow the instructions: [provider_shopper\ReadMe.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/provider_shopper#readme)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run the app, follow the instructions in the README: [provider_shopper\README.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/provider_shopper#readme)
```

## [`time_track`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/time_track) - Dart console application listener

This sample is using [Realm Dart Standalone SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/#dart-standalone-realm) and provides custom CLI with the following commands:
- `now` registers a time entry
- `clear` deletes all existing entries
- `show` shows all existing entries
- `watch` monitors entries as they happen

The command `watch` is using RealmResult.changes to listen for changes when the contents of the collection change.

> To run the app follow the instructions in the README: [time_track\README.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/time_track#readme)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run the app, follow the instructions in the README: [time_track\README.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/time_track#readme)
```

## [`dart_flexible_sync`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/dart_flexible_sync) - Dart console application with flexible sync

A simple command-line application using the [Realm Dart Standalone SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/#dart-standalone-realm) and Flexible Sync with [Atlas App Services application](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/).

This sample demonstrates the usage of [Atlas Device Sync with Flexible Sync](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/sync/) and the Realm Dart Standalone SDK.

> Writing to a synced realm sends the data automatically to the a collection in MongoDB Atas. The synced realm is subscribed to a query only for items matching specific criteria.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Writing to a synced realm sends the data automatically to the a linked collection in MongoDB Atas. The synced realm is subscribed to a query only for items matching specific criteria.
```

This causes the synced realm to be populated only with specific items matching the query.

> Items in the MongoDB collection on Atlas that do not match the query do not sync to the device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Items in the MongoDB collection on Atlas that do not match the query do not sync to the client device.
```

> To run the app follow the instructions in the README: [dart_flexible_sync/README.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/dart_flexible_sync#readme)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run the app, follow the instructions in the README: [dart_flexible_sync/README.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/dart_flexible_sync#readme)
```

## [`flutter_flexible_sync`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/flutter_flexible_sync) - Flutter application with flexible sync

> A Flutter application using the [Realm Flutter SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/), Atlas Device Sync with Flexible Sync, and [Atlas App Services application](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Flutter application using the [Realm Flutter SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/), Atlas Device Sync with Flexible Sync, and [Atlas App Services](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/).
```

This sample demonstrates the usage of Flexible Sync. 
Writing to a synced realm named `db_allTasks.realm` sends the data automatically to a linked MongoDB collection on Atlas.
Then the data are downloaded back by the synchronization process to two separate realms,
`db_importantTasks.realm` and  `db_normalTaks.realm`, filtered by specific subscription query.

> To run the app follow the instructions in the README: [flutter_flexible_sync/README.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/flutter_flexible_sync#readme)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run the app, follow the instructions in the README: [flutter_flexible_sync/README.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/flutter_flexible_sync#readme)
```

## [`bundled_realm`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/bundled_realm) - Flutter application with pre-initialized realm file

A Flutter application that demonstrates how to bundle a realm file with data, and load the bundled realm into the app.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache-blue.svg)](LICENSE)

> # Description

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Realm Dart Samples
```

> This repo contains Flutter and Dart samples that demonstate the usage of [Realm Flutter/Dart SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This repo contains Flutter and Dart samples that demonstate the usage of [Realm Flutter and Dart Standalone SDKs](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/).
```

> To build your own app with Realm use [realm](https://pub.dev/packages/realm) package for Flutter and [realm_dart](https://pub.dev/packages/realm_dart) package for Dart applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To build your own app with Realm, use the [realm](https://pub.dev/packages/realm) package for Flutter and the [realm_dart](https://pub.dev/packages/realm_dart) package for Dart applications.
```

The Realm Flutter and Realm Dart SDK repository is located at https://github.com/realm/realm-dart

> Also you may find our [Quick Start - Flutter SDK]( https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/quick-start/) helpfull if you are running the Realm for the first time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may also find our [Quick Start - Flutter SDK]( https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/quick-start/) helpful if you are running using Realm for the first time.
```

> 
> Read more about using the Realm with [Device Sync](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/sync/) and connecting to [Atlas App Services](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/app-services/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also read more about using the Realm with [Atlas Device Sync](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/sync/) and connecting to [Atlas App Services](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/app-services/).
```

> # Samples

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## [`realm_dart`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/realm_dart) - Dart console application

> This sample is using [Realm Dart SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/#dart-standalone-realm) to demonstrates simple operations with a local realm:
> 
> - open/create local realm;
> - add/edit objects to realm;
> - read all object;
> - query objects from realm;
> - close realm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This sample is using [Realm Dart SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/#dart-standalone-realm) to demonstrates the following simple operations with a local realm:

- open/create local realm
- add/edit objects to realm
- read all object
- query objects from realm
- close realm
```

> To run the app follow the instructions: [realm_dart\ReadMe.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/realm_dart#readme)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run the app follow the instructions in the README: [realm_dart\README.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/realm_dart#readme)
```

## [`provider_shopper`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/provider_shopper) - Flutter application

A Flutter sample app from [flutter sample repo](https://github.com/flutter/samples/tree/master/provider_shopper) that shows a state management approach. This app is modified to be integrated with a local realm using [Realm Flutter SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/).
The list with all the available items are initialized into `CatalogModel` class as realm objects added to a realm.

If the users add any items to their shopping cart, these irems are added to a memory collection in `CartModel` class. Only initial list of items is stored to the realm.

You can leave the credentials empty on the login screen.

To run the app follow the instructions: [provider_shopper\ReadMe.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/provider_shopper#readme)

## [`time_track`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/time_track) - Dart console application listener

> This sample is using [Realm Dart SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/#dart-standalone-realm) and provides custom CLI with commands `clear`, `show`, `watch`, `now`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This sample is using [Realm Dart Standalone SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/#dart-standalone-realm) and provides custom CLI with commands `clear`, `show`, `watch`, `now`.
```

> - `now` registers a time entry;
> - `clear` deletes all existing entries;
> - `show` shows all existing entries;
> - `watch` monitors entries as they happen;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `now` registers a time entry
- `clear` deletes all existing entries
- `show` shows all existing entries
- `watch` monitors entries as they happen
```

> The command `watch` is using RealmResult.changes to listen for changes when the contents of the collection changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The command `watch` is using RealmResult.changes to listen for changes when the contents of the collection change.
```

To run the app follow the instructions: [time_track\ReadMe.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/time_track#readme)

## [`dart_flexible_sync`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/dart_flexible_sync) - Dart console application with flexible sync

> A simple command-line application using [Realm Dart SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/#dart-standalone-realm) and Flexible Sync with [Atlas App Services application](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A simple command-line application using the [Realm Dart Standalone SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/#dart-standalone-realm) and Flexible Sync with [Atlas App Services application](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/).
```

> This sample demonstrates the usage of Flexible Sync with Realm Dart SDK.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates the usage of Flexible Sync with the Realm Dart Standalone SDK.
```

> Writing to a local realm sends the data automatically to the Atlas Cloud Collection.
> Then the local realm is subscribed only for items matching specific query criterias.
> This causes the local realm to be populated only with specific items matching the filter.
> All other items will exist only in Atlas cloud collection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Writing to a synced realm sends the data automatically to the a collection in MongoDB Atas. The synced realm is subscribed to a query only for items matching specific criteria.
This causes the synced realm to be populated only with specific items matching the query.
Items in the MongoDB collection on Atlas that do not match the query do not sync to the device.
```

> To run the app follow the instructions: [dart_flexible_sync\ReadMe.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/dart_flexible_sync#readme)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run the app follow the instructions in the README: [dart_flexible_sync\README.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/dart_flexible_sync#readme)
```

## [`flutter_flexible_sync`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/flutter_flexible_sync) - Flutter application with flexible sync

> A Flutter application using the [Realm Flutter SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/) and Flexible Sync with an [Atlas App Services application](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Flutter application using the [Realm Flutter SDK](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/), Atlas Device Sync with Flexible Sync, and [Atlas App Services application](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/).
```

This sample demonstrates the usage of Flexible Sync. 

> Writing to a local realm named `db_allTasks.realm` sends the data automatically to the Atlas collection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Writing to a synced realm named `db_allTasks.realm` sends the data automatically to a linked MongoDB collection on Atlas.
```

> Then the data are downloaded back by the synchronization process to two separate realms
>  `db_importantTasks.realm` and  `db_normalTaks.realm` filtered by specific subscription query.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then the data are downloaded back by the synchronization process to two separate realms,
`db_importantTasks.realm` and  `db_normalTaks.realm`, filtered by specific subscription query.
```

> To run the app follow the instructions: [flutter_flexible_sync\ReadMe.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/flutter_flexible_sync#readme)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run the app follow the instructions in the README: [flutter_flexible_sync/README.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/flutter_flexible_sync#readme)
```

## [`bundled_realm`](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/bundled_realm) - Flutter application with pre-initialized realm file

> A Flutter application that demonstrates how to bundle and load initially populated realm in the app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Flutter application that demonstrates how to bundle a realm file with data, and load the bundled realm into the app.
```

> Follow the code guidline [bundled_realm\ReadMe.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/bundled_realm#readme) to see how to load pre-initialized realm from Flutter assets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

To see how to load pre-initialized realm from Flutter assets, follow the instructions in the README: [bundled_realm/README.md](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/tree/main/bundled_realm#readme)
```

> 
> # Usage 
> Check the README.md files of the samples for instructions how to run them.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ##### The "Dart" name and logo and the "Flutter" name and logo are trademarks owned by Google.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*The "Dart" name and logo and the "Flutter" name and logo are trademarks owned by Google.*
```
